NO ASYLUM
America’s broken asylum system

Lead reporters on story: 
Noah Caldwell, Joseph Jaafari and Lisa Thomson

Contributors: 
George Goss and Nick Perez (video footage)

Summary: Thousands of people enter into the United States seeking asylum. Though they oftentimes have similar financial issues as refugees entering the borders, the process of getting asylum in the U.S. is dramatically different. Years-long wait-times and mental issues — oftentimes made worse by stress from the asylum process — make asylum-seekers one of the more disenfranchised groups of immigrants in the country. 

Multimedia: 
Calculator - input your zip code and find out (1) where your closest asylum office is (2) how long you’d have to wait and (3) how far away the office is. Oftentimes the office is hundreds of miles away and those who seeking asylum are not allowed to work for 18 weeks or longer. 

Audio - Three different audio elements that tell the stories of different asylum seekers, two from Syria and one from Iran. 

Video - story of Muhanned. Edited by Joseph Jaafari, filmed by George Goss and Carlotta Muhammad. 

STYLE GUIDE

Graphics from the Noun Project, with attributes to:
United States image: Joao Santos
Waiting Room: Luis Prado
Play: Zlatko Najdenovski
Voice Record: Rohith M S
Clock: Dylan Marriott

Colors:
DarkGray: #A9A9A9
WhiteSmoke(Background): #F5F5F5
DimGray: #696969
Red: #FF0000

Google Fonts:\
Roboto Condensed 700 Bold\
Noticia \

H1- 100px - BOLD; ALL CAPS; DimGray
H2- 60 px - BOLD; all lower; DarkGray
H3- 45px; ALL CAPS; DarkGray; italic; flush right; margin-right 10%; merging-left: 80%\
H4- 10 px- ITAL; DimGray
P- 16 px

